fbpager.alpha: 255
fbpager.x: 0
fbpager.y: 0
fbpager.workspace.width: 64
fbpager.workspace.height: 64
fbpager.followDrag: false
fbpager.followMove: false
fbpager.changeWorkspaceButton: 11
fbpager.raiseWindowButton: 2
fbpager.lowerWindowButton: 3
fbpager.closeWindowButton: 3 3 1
fbpager.exitButton: 1 3 3
fbpager.nextWorkspaceButton: 4
fbpager.prevWorkspaceButton: 5
fbpager.moveInWorkspaceButton: 1
fbpager.dragToWorkspaceButton: 2
fbpager.align: LeftToRight
fbpager.color: white
fbpager.windowBorderColor: black
fbpager.multiClickTime: 250
fbpager.icons: false
fbpager.windowBorderWidth: 1
fbpager.workspacesPerRow: 1
fbpager.currentBackgroundColor: darkblue
fbpager.backgroundColor: blue
fbpager.windowBorderColor: grey
fbpager.focusedWindowColor: lightblue
fbpager.windowColor: rgb:3/3/f
